Now that we have finished the four parts of our store, we have internal state,
a way to get the state,
listen to changes on the state,
and now we have a way to update the state.
And we also have a reducer function here,
which specifies how the state will change
based on the action which occurred in the application.
Let's go ahead and take a look at what this actually looks like
when we use our createStore function.
So, in order to create the store,
what we want to do is we will say const store equals createStore.
Remember what we need to pass createStore,
is our reducer function.
So we can pass it todos.
Now, store is going to have three methods on it.
Get state, subscribe, as well as dispatch.
So first, let's call store that's subscribe,
and whenever our state changes.
What we want to do is we want to console.log the new state is,
now how do we get the state of our store while we can call store.get state.
So now that we've set up that listener,
the next thing we want to do is actually dispatch
an action so we can see how the store will change.
So what we'll do is we can call store.dispatch,
now we want to pass in action.
And if you remember, we had an action with a type of add to-do,
and then this action also had
a to-do property which had an Id which we will just give zero.
And that also is going to have a name property,
we will say learn redux and then finally it's going to have complete,
which we will just set to false.
So now what should happen when we execute this code,
this function will run because we updated
the state and then we will see that there is now
a new object inside of our state because that's what we specified right here.
So, I'm going to copy all of this and head over to my console,
and then I'm just going to execute it here so I've just pasted that in.
First, we will call store.subscribe, so everything looks good.
You'll notice that we received back from store.subscribe
function that we could have called to unsubscribe this listener.
And then now, when I paste in store.dispatch,
we now get this brand new arrays,
the new state is this array.
So we have one item in our array complete a set of false,
id is zero, and the name is learn redux.
And what's cool about this now is,
we can call dispatch as many times as we want.
We still want to dispatch the add todo action type.
We'll give this an Id of one.
Let's change the name to read a book.
And let's change complete to true,
and now you'll notice that we have two items in our state,
learn redux as well as read a book.
So whenever we want to update the state of our store,
all we need to do now is called dispatch,
passing it the action which occurred.